Add clarifying support language (#98)
github/github-team-sync: README.md

pipenv run python app.py
```

## Support

> This is free and open-source software issued without official support from GitHub Support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This is free and open-source software that is supported by the open source community, and is not included as part of GitHub's official platform support.
```
